#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.40.36
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   moto
botocore==1.40.36
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via tox
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   moto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-guardian==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==4.19.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-user-tasks==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==37.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort[requirements]==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
moto==5.1.13
    # via -r requirements/test.in
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   kombu
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via yamllint
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   yamllint
redis==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   moto
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   moto
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
tox==4.30.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-guardian
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via moto
xmltodict==1.0.2
    # via moto
yamllint==1.37.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
